[Music]
first thing you want to
do
first you want to start relaxing this
area and then you want to start bending
forward what you do you bring your feet
together in butterfly
poses and bring them apart from your
you can R the spine or you can even bend
it if you
[Music]
want if you have lower back problems is
better to bend to extend the spine to
the straight which your spine is hey can
slowly stay don't push your head towards
the feet it will drop naturally
the gravity Dr the
head you try to stay there for like 5
minutes now you want to bring your legs
crusting bring the right
leg and the right foot behind the left
half CR
and to the side the upper body stays in
the same position
straight you can't even
C this way is
not
challenging you can also lay down if you
want
Swit the
[Music]
sides and stay both sides
around 3 minutes or 5 minutes depending
on how
much time you have or how much
flexibility you have now what you want
to do
is bring your legs again and half
butterfly bring left leg
behind this you can see
try to bring it
both sit Bones on the
floor stay there inhale
up
and slightly bend on the left
side stay there for about 1
minute or as much as you feel
comfortable
change the
[Music]
size on this side you can even bring the
elbow on the
floor and go
deeper stay there for about 1 minute two
come back to the
[Music]
center bring the legs in half butterfly
again
move them a little bit remember while
you doing this postures you have to
remember to
bre bring in mind the belly breath I
told you last time in the classroom and
try to apply
it try to apply belly breath when you
are in the posture and not when you need
to in the posture because could be very
difficult for to
fose and let's do on the other side
this is a very
good
opener it opens the K to
[Music]
relaxes the
muscles in your
pockets and your F
muscles when you relax this
muscles and when you stretch this area
you let the blood
[Music]
flowing and flushing all the toxins
having
there remember to bre to get more oxygen